[Images] Several improvements to text (#5397)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/cloudflare-images/transform/blur-images.md

# Blur images

> You can apply blur to your image variants from the Images dashboard. If you plan on creating blurred images, you will have to either create a specific variant for this effect first, or edit a previously created variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply blur to your image variants in **Images** on the Cloudflare dashboard. If you plan on creating blurred images, you will have to either create a specific variant for this effect first, or edit a previously created variant.
```
